Oh, hello.
I'm in charge.
How many of you are
This is Section Chief Wang of Fengqi
Hello President Wang
We are doing a serious fashion show
We are doing business seriously
How many of you?
Is there any misunderstanding?
Misunderstanding
Take a look!
What are they wearing?
How many big men are dancing shirtless?
So many people watching
Like what?
This is serious aerobics
I don't care what the fuck you are
Stop it now.
Bring your business license
Go to the bureau and pay the fine
And these clothes?
Baring arms and legs
indecent
Tell me now
Chief Wang, our small business
Hey you
Brother Wang
Long time no see, Brother Wang!
Promoted to section chief
Who are you?
How dare you speak to Section Chief Wang like that?